prepare: 94 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 5 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 4 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 2 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 26 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 8 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 4 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 3 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 3 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 3 ms
applyAlgorithm for 10 packet: 0.6 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 68 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 4 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 14 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 3 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 3 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 27 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 7 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
prepare: 3 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 7 ms
Used rules for packet: 6 rules
prepare: 3 ms
applyAlgorithm for 10 packet: 0.6 ms
Used rules for packet: 14 rules
